Julio Cesar
no surprise
denis
can already be considered a half surprise
the three goalkeepers júlio césar gomes
victory
on the ice screen
maicon the absolute holder of the selection
such right
daniel alves
immediate reserve and may have the opposition think of the left-back
midfield
Gilberto
who thought the gilbertão was and he was
michel bastos who works in france lyon
Gilberto, this is the bass.
the left side
defenders accompany
the holder also in the selection
pike the captain
holder
luizão
mentor who would
Thiago Silva
confirmed in the list
midfield player
now start
gilberto silva captive chair in the brazilian national team
very confirmed
filipe mello
the other steering wheel that can be
josué this one could not miss in the list of dunga
to die embraced by usury
kleberson fall that ferguson
drops 0 to the flamengo after injury in the last game confirmed elano is also
no surprise
ramires
ex-cruzeiro currently in the benfica of portugal also gained a place in the
selection
karate
very confirmed
Look at him there.
dunga technical confidence man
attackers now wants now that the great opera designed cause
luis fabiano 'no surprise top scorer in the dunga era
nilmar
won the position and become as a reserve
I just have no surprises now.
the road was Ceará
graffiti graffiti and hit her gave that sprint final sprint is to big
surprise of the selection is that the fiemt